aiobotocore==2.5.0
    # via s3fs
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.19.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via scramp
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
botocore==1.29.76
    # via aiobotocore
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.39.3
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.5.0
    # via s3fs
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via matplotlib
ipykernel==6.23.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.13.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via botocore
joblib==1.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.6.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements/main.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.22.1
    # via jupyterlab
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pg8000==1.29.4
    # via -r requirements/main.in
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.5.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pg8000
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.30.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
s3fs==2023.5.0
    # via -r requirements/main.in
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements/main.in
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
scramp==1.4.4
    # via pg8000
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements/main.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements/main.in
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   aioitertools
    #   ipython
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via aiobotocore
y-py==0.5.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
ypy-websocket==0.8.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
